Look Dad, the music kids are going to play at the Sports Centre next month.
They're a fantastic group.
We must try to get tickets.
Where can we buy tickets?
At the Sports Centre from 9 o'clock on Saturday morning.
That'll be difficult Tony.
We'll have to get there early and stand in line for a long time.
We can also buy tickets online.
There's a website address.
Okay, let's try it.
Look, they're on sale already.
Here we are.
Now how many tickets do you want?
Let's get four.
For a dumbing, Ling Ling, Betty and me.
Okay.
Oh no, we can only buy two.
They won't sell more than two tickets at a time.
Well, let's forget about Ling Ling and Betty then.
I don't think they really like the band anyway.
Let's get two tickets, one for dumbing and one for me.
They're playing on Wednesday and Thursday.
I'd like to go on Wednesday.
What time does it start?
Let me see.
Oh yes, it starts at seven o'clock.
What time does it finish?
At eleven o'clock.
It's late.
I'll meet you outside.
Great.
How much?
They're three hundred you won each.
Thanks Dad.